# MGTDetectionAvoidanceAssessment

The code repository for the Topics In Computer Science course I am taking.  
This readme contains information about the specifics of how to use certain components alongside general thoughts.

## Setup

Three python files and three conda environments need to be created.

### Main conda environment

This is the conda environment that the [main.py](main.py) script is run in.
The only prerequisite (as of May 2024) is the progress library for the progress bars.
The requirements can be seen in [requirements.txt](requirements.txt).

### Loading initial data (python file)

This file should contain a function with the following signature:

```python
from typing import Literal


def load_data() -> dict[Literal["human", "machine"], list[str]]:
    ...
```

This function should provide a dictionary with two keys for the human written text and the machine generated text.
It is run in the environment the [main.py](main.py) script is run, so any requirements should be installed there.

The typehints themselves are not necessary, but are useful to show what is needed.

### Paraphraser Helper/Server

This file should run a server that connects to the main python file and paraphrases any received text.
An example of this can be seen in [example_paraphraser.py](example_paraphraser.py) or below:

```python
# example_paraphraser.py
from paraphraser_helpers import paraphraser_server


def simple_paraphrase(string):
    return "paraphrase(" + string + ")"


paraphraser_server(simple_paraphrase)
```

Where the `simple_paraphrase` function is replaced with the actual paraphrasing function.

The actual implementation of the `paraphraser_server` function is simple by design to allow for easy modification.

#### Paraphraser Conda Environment

A conda environment should be set up for the paraphraser.
The paraphraser server will be run using this conda environment.
This can be the same conda environment as that which runs [main.py](main.py).

### AI Detector Helper/Server

This file, in much the same way as the paraphraser, should run a server that connects to the main python file.
It should calculate a percentage chance of a given piece of text being generated by an AI.
An example can be seen in [example_detector.py](example_detector.py) or below:

```python
import random

from ai_detector_helpers import ai_detector_server


def simple_ai_detector(string):
    return random.random()


ai_detector_server(simple_ai_detector)
```

Where the `simple_ai_detector` function is replaced with the actual detection function.

The actual implementation of the `ai_detector_server` is simple by design to allow for easy modification.

#### AI Detector Conda Environment

A conda environment should be set up for the AI detector.
The AI detector server will be run using this conda environment.
This can be the same conda environment as that which runs [main.py](main.py).

